README.md, before:

# User Directory

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

This application is a

## Table of Contents

[License](#license)

[Image](#image)

[Website](#website)

[Installation](#installation)

[Usage](#usage)

[Contributing](#contributing)

[Tests](#tests)

[Technologies](#technologies)

[Questions](#questions)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license

## Image



## Website

Deploy Link:

## Installation

Run the following command "npm i" in your terminal to install any dependencies for this application

## Usage

Steps on how to properly use the vladimir dimitrovs professional portfolio application are provided below.

## Contributing

This project/repo has been contributed by Vladimir Dimitrov. Anyone can contribute to this project/repo by either reaching out to the owner or using the fork method through GitHub

## Tests

Run the following command "npm test" in your terminal to run tests for this application

## Technologies

Technologies, applications, and programs used in this project are HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, React.js, & Heroku.

## Questions

If you have any questions about the project/repo, please open an issue or contact me directly at <vladimir.s.dimitrov14@gmail.com>.
You can find more of my work at Vlady14 (https://github.com/Vlady14).

Commit message:

Finished the read me for the user directory.

README.md, after:

# User Directory

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

This is an employee directory application which lists employees with their first & last name, DOB, email and image. Using the search bar you can find an employee or narrow your results making it easier to find the employee you're looking for. In addition you can also click on the name heading which will allow you to sort the data of employees from a-z or z-a.

## Table of Contents

[License](#license)

[Image](#image)

[Website](#website)

[Installation](#installation)

[Usage](#usage)

[Contributing](#contributing)

[Technologies](#technologies)

[Questions](#questions)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license

## Image

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71519918/105124648-337c8d80-5aa0-11eb-872b-36dc91a97cb1.png)

## Website

Deploy Link: https://vlady14.github.io/User-Directory/

## Installation

Run the following command "npm i" in your terminal to install any dependencies for this application

## Usage

Steps on how to properly use the vladimir dimitrovs professional portfolio application are provided below.
* FIRST launch the application by using the deploy link provided in this document.
* LIST of employees are provided which you can view with their DOB, first & last name provided, email address, and image.
* USING the search box you can narrow your results to find the employee you are looking for.
* TO VIEW the employees from A-Z or Z-A, click on the name heading which will toggle between the two functions.
* TO EXIT just close the browser you are currenntly in.

## Contributing

This project/repo has been contributed by Vladimir Dimitrov. Anyone can contribute to this project/repo by either reaching out to the owner or using the fork method through GitHub

## Technologies

Technologies, applications, and programs used in this project are HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, Random API, GitHub Pages.

## Questions

If you have any questions about the project/repo, please open an issue or contact me directly at <vladimir.s.dimitrov14@gmail.com>.
You can find more of my work at Vlady14 (https://github.com/Vlady14).
